Reviews docs (#350)
BookingSync/bookingsync-api-docs: content/reference/endpoints/reviews.md

         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
         | staff               |                       | Object  | Read/Write | Details of given criterion.
         |                     | rating                | Decimal | Read/Write | Was the staff friendly, attentive and respectful? **Required** only when sending parent node.
         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
         | value_for_money     |                       | Object  | Read/Write | Details of given criterion.
         |                     | rating                | Decimal | Read/Write | Was it worth the price? **Required** only when sending parent node.
         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
         | accuracy            |                       | Object  | Read/Write | Details of given criterion.
         |                     | rating                | Decimal | Read/Write | Was the property accurately represented on a website? **Required** only when sending parent node.

>          |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.

Author: ```suggestion
         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
         | property_condition     |                                | Object  | Read/Write | Details of given criterion.
         |                     | rating                | Decimal | Read/Write | Was the property accurately represented on a website? **Required** only when sending parent node.
         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
         | eco_friendliness     |                                | Object  | Read/Write | Details of given criterion.
         |                     | rating                | Decimal | Read/Write | Was the property accurately represented on a website? **Required** only when sending parent node.
         |                     | comment               | Text    | Read/Write | Additional feedback for a given criterion.
```

---------|---------------------|-----------------------|---------|------------|------------
         |                     | created_at            | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read       | Review's create time.
         |                     | updated_at            | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read       | Review's update time.

>          |                     | submitted_at          | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Host Review's submission time. Once filled, no futher updates are required for given object.

Author: ```suggestion
         |                     | submitted_at          | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Review's submission time. Once filled, no further updates are required for given object.
         |                     | dismissed_at          | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Review's dismissal time. Once filled, no further updates are required for given object.
```
